The domestication of the Syrian hamster began in the late 1700s when naturalists cataloged the Syrian hamster, also known as Mesocricetus auratus or the golden hamster. In 1930 medical researchers captured Syrian hamster breeding stock for animal testing. Further domestication led this animal to become a popular pet.
The Syrian hamster's natural habitat is in a small region of Northwest Syria near the city of Aleppo. It was first described by science in the 1797 second edition of The Natural History of Aleppo, a book written and edited by two Scottish physicians living in Syria. The Syrian hamster was first recognized as a distinct species in 1839. In 1930, a scientist seeking animal subjects for medical research had the first Syrian hamsters captured to become laboratory animals.Scientists bred those hamsters and during the 1930s sent their descendants to various other laboratories around the world. By the late 1940s in the United States, a commercial hamster industry had begun to provide hamsters for laboratory use and at the same time to popularize hamsters as pets. In later years, further expeditions back to Syria captured other hamsters to increase genetic diversity among the populations of hamsters shared among breeders.
Wild Syrian hamsters become tame in a matter of days after being captured and handled by humans. Wild hamsters are quick to adapt to captivity and thrive in a laboratory setting.

Japanese mahjong (Japanese: 麻雀, Hepburn: Mājan), also known as riichi mahjong, is a variation of mahjong. While the basic rules to the game are retained, the variation features a unique set of rules such as riichi and the use of dora. The variant is one of a few styles where discarded tiles are ordered rather than placed in a disorganized pile. This is primarily due to the furiten rule, which takes player discards into account. The variant has grown in popularity due to anime, manga, and online platforms.

The cakewalk was a dance developed from the "prize walks" (dance contests with a cake awarded as the prize) held in the mid-19th century, generally at get-togethers on plantations where Black people had been enslaved, before and after emancipation in the Southern United States. Alternative names for the original form of the dance were "chalkline-walk", and the "walk-around". It was originally a processional partner dance performed with comical formality, and may have developed as a subtle mockery of the mannered dances of white slaveholders.
Following an exhibition of the cakewalk at the 1876 Centennial Exposition in Philadelphia, the cakewalk was adopted by performers in minstrel shows, where it was danced exclusively by men until the 1890s. At that point, Broadway shows featuring women began to include cakewalks, and grotesque dances became very popular across the country.
The fluid and graceful steps of the dance may have given rise to the colloquialism that something accomplished with ease is a "cakewalk".

Steps:
1. Preheat the oven to 350°F (175°C).
2. Prepare two 9 by 12 inch cake pans.
3. Get the mixing bowl for dry ingredients.
4. Add flour to the mixing bowl.
5. Add baking powder to the mixing bowl.
6. Add salt to the mixing bowl.
7. Take out your whisk.
8. Combine the dry ingredients in the mixing bowl with the whisk.
9. Get the large bowl for wet ingredients.
10. Add softened butter to the large bowl.
11. Add granulated sugar to the large bowl.
12. Take out the mixer.
13. Cream together the butter and sugar until light and fluffy.
14. Add eggs to the large bowl, one at a time.
15. Add vanilla extract to the large bowl.
16. Add milk to the large bowl.
17. Get the mixer for mixing wet ingredients.
18. Mix the wet ingredients in the large bowl with the mixer.
19. Combine the dry ingredients and wet ingredients in the large bowl.
20. Pour the batter evenly into the cake pans.
21. Bake the cake for 30-35 minutes or until a toothpick inserted into the center comes out clean.
22. Allow cakes to cool in pans for 10 minutes, then remove from pans and cool completely on a wire rack.

Human–computer interaction (HCI) is research in the design and the use of computer technology, which focuses on the interfaces between people (users) and computers. HCI researchers observe the ways humans interact with computers and design technologies that allow humans to interact with computers in novel ways. A device that allows interaction between human being and a computer is known as a "Human-computer Interface (HCI)".

Cloud Gate is a public sculpture by Indian-born British artist Anish Kapoor, that is the centerpiece of Grainger Plaza at Millennium Park in the Loop community area of Chicago. Constructed between 2004 and 2006, the sculpture is nicknamed "The Bean" because of its shape, a name Kapoor later grew fond of. Made up of 168 stainless steel plates welded together, its reflective and highly polished exterior has no visible seams. It measures 33 by 66 by 42 feet (10 by 20 by 13 m), and weighs 110 short tons (100 t; 98 long tons). The sculpture and its plaza are located above Park Grill, between the Chase Promenade and McCormick Tribune Plaza & Ice Rink.
Kapoor's design was inspired by liquid mercury and the sculpture's surface reflects and distorts the city's skyline and clouds moving overhead. Visitors are able to walk around and under Cloud Gate's 12-foot (3.7 m) high arch. On the underside is the "omphalos" (Greek for "navel"), a concave chamber that warps and multiplies reflections. The sculpture builds upon many of Kapoor's artistic themes, and it is popular with tourists as a photo-taking opportunity for its unique reflective properties.
The sculpture was the result of a design competition. After Kapoor's design was chosen, numerous technological concerns regarding the design's construction and assembly arose, in addition to concerns regarding the sculpture's upkeep and maintenance. Various experts were consulted, some of whom believed the design could not be implemented. Eventually, a feasible method was found, but the sculpture's construction fell behind schedule. It was unveiled in an incomplete form during the Millennium Park grand opening celebration in 2004, before being concealed again while it was completed. Cloud Gate was formally dedicated on May 15, 2006, and has since gained considerable popularity, both domestically and internationally.

Adobo or adobar (Spanish: marinade, sauce, or seasoning) is the immersion of food in a stock (or sauce) composed variously of paprika, oregano, salt, garlic, and vinegar to preserve and enhance its flavor. The Portuguese variant is known as carne de vinha d'alhos. The practice, native to Iberia (Spanish cuisine and Portuguese cuisine), was widely adopted in Latin America, as well as Spanish and Portuguese colonies in Africa and Asia.

Vanilla cake ingredients:
- 250g all-purpose flour
- 2 teaspoons baking powder
- 1 teaspoon salt
- 230g unsalted butter, softened
- 300g granulated sugar
- 4 large eggs
- 2 teaspoons vanilla extract
- 240ml milk
Enjoy your delicious cake!

From the New World (Japanese: 新世界より, Hepburn: Shin Sekai Yori) is a Japanese novel by Yusuke Kishi. It was originally published in January 2008 by Kodansha. It follows Saki who lives quietly in a beautiful and calm village and has just acquired her power at the age of twelve. She then goes to the academy to learn how to master it with other young people her age, including her friends Maria, Shun, Satoru, and Mamoru. But during an outing, the five of them will learn things they never should have known.
The story received a manga adaptation in Kodansha's manga magazine Bessatsu Shōnen Magazine, which was serialized between May 2012 and June 2014, and an anime television series adaptation by A-1 Pictures, which aired in Japan between October 2012 and March 2013. In North America, the manga has been licensed by Vertical (itself an imprint of Kodansha USA), and the anime is licensed by Sentai Filmworks.
In 2008, From the New World won the Grand Prize of the 29th Nihon SF Taisho Award.

The Gates Computer Science Building, or Gates building for short, is an L-shaped building that houses the Computer Science Department as well as the Computer Systems Laboratory at 353 Jane Stanford Way, Stanford University, California. Construction on the building began in 1994 and was completed in 1996 at a cost of $36 million. It was named after Microsoft founder Bill Gates, who donated $6 million for the building's construction.
The building is organized into an A wing (the western ell) and a B wing . It is secured by an Intellikey system. Blueprints of the building are available online. The building was designed by Robert A.M. Stern Architects of New York City.

Jean Baudrillard (UK: /ˈboʊdrɪjɑːr/, US: /ˌboʊdriˈɑːr/; French: [ʒɑ̃ bodʁijaʁ]; 27 July 1929 – 6 March 2007) was a French sociologist and philosopher with an interest in cultural studies. He is best known for his analyses of media, contemporary culture, and technological communication, as well as his formulation of concepts such as hyperreality. Baudrillard wrote about diverse subjects, including consumerism, critique of economy, social history, aesthetics, Western foreign policy, and popular culture. Among his most well-known works are Seduction (1978), Simulacra and Simulation (1981), America (1986), and The Gulf War Did Not Take Place (1991). His work is frequently associated with postmodernism and specifically post-structuralism. Nevertheless, Baudrillard had also opposed post-structuralism, and had distanced himself from postmodernism.

Pompompurin (ja:ポムポムプリン, Pompompurin) is a golden retriever dog character resembling flan wearing a brown beret first introduced in 1996. According to official character profiles Purin was born on April 16 and his friends include a hamster called Muffin, a mouse named Scone, a squirrel named Bagel and a bird named Custard.
Sanrio produced two OVAs with Pompompurin in 2001, Pomupomupurin no Usagi to Kame (ポムポムプリンのうさぎとかめ) and Pomupomupurin no Kitakaze to Taiyō (ポムポムプリンの北風と太陽).[140][141] Two Pompompurin video games were released for the Nintendo 3DS in 2016 and 2017.
A Pompompurin Café was opened in Harajuku in Tokyo in 2014. Subsequently, several Pompompurin Cafés were opened in other locations.Pompompurin was voted most popular in the Sanrio Character Rankings in 1997, 2015 and 2016.